first attempt at image composite (#2470)
IIIF/iiif.io: source/presentation/4.0/index.md

## Use Case 6: Reconstruction of a Separated Object

Physical objects such as manuscripts, or even individual folios, can be dispersed amongst multiple institutions, each of which digitizes and publishes the parts of the original that they look after. However, in order to reconstruct how a manuscript might have looked in the past, along with all of the other commentary and other digital affordances available via IIIF, it is possible to reference Canvases from external Manifests.

> This example comprises three Manifests. The first contains a miniature - an illustration from a manuscript that has been cut out at some point, acquired as an independent object by institution A, and digitized. A large number of annotations have accumulated for this miniature, they are referenced from the Canvas in this Manifest. The second Manifest contains a Canvas that represents the page from which the miniature was cut - the image painted onto this Canvas has a hole in it. This Canvas too has accumulated a large body of annotations. While it would be possible in a third Manifest to create a new Canvas and simply paint the two source images onto it, the example here instead references the two Canvases from their source Manifests. A client rendering this reconstruction can bring in any transcriptions, translations, commentary or other annotations aligned with their respective images from both sources, including those made after the reconstruction itself was made.

Reviewer: Here and the paragraph above the term used is "reference" to the two external Canvases, not until the bullet below do we have "paint".  I wonder whether it would be helpful to have something more explicit - e.g.,  "the example here paints the two Canvases by referencing them and their source Manifests" or something similar.

> This example comprises three Manifests. The first contains a miniature - an illustration from a manuscript that has been cut out at some point, acquired as an independent object by institution A, and digitized. A large number of annotations have accumulated for this miniature, they are referenced from the Canvas in this Manifest. The second Manifest contains a Canvas that represents the page from which the miniature was cut - the image painted onto this Canvas has a hole in it. This Canvas too has accumulated a large body of annotations. While it would be possible in a third Manifest to create a new Canvas and simply paint the two source images onto it, the example here instead references the two Canvases from their source Manifests. A client rendering this reconstruction can bring in any transcriptions, translations, commentary or other annotations aligned with their respective images from both sources, including those made after the reconstruction itself was made.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example comprises three Manifests. The first contains a miniature - an illustration from a manuscript that has been cut out at some point, acquired as an independent object by institution A, and digitized. A large number of annotations have accumulated for this miniature, they are referenced from the Canvas in this Manifest. The second Manifest contains a Canvas that represents the page from which the miniature was cut - the image painted onto this Canvas has a hole in it. This Canvas too has accumulated a large body of annotations. While it would be possible in a third Manifest to create a new Canvas and simply paint the two source images onto it, the example here instead paints the two Canvases by referencing them and their source Manifests. A client rendering this reconstruction can bring in any transcriptions, translations, commentary or other annotations aligned with their respective images from both sources, including those made after the reconstruction itself was made.
```
